This is a file that is related to animations. This file contains any emergency information about animations and assets.
The point of this document is:
1- That programmers can detect animations bugs and problems easier and report them.
2- We need some rules so that we won't get lost in the process in the future.
3- We don't need to explain everything to other team members Or future animators. We can just send them this document. 

1- Layers:
So basically we need to cut the 2d asset that we have and prepare it for rigging and animating. This process will take
place in a photo editor such as photoshop or gimp. Layers must be in the right order. (e.g. the troll's left hand in this
project is in the back, which means it should be placed at the bottom of all layers). The order of layers is important as
it would affect the animation and final result. (e.g. the troll's weapon was mistakenly placed at the bottom of the head.
This effect is not visible by it self unless you move the right hand till the weapon collapses to the troll's head).

2- Animations:
We attach the animations to the parent as requested. In order to name any animations, we use this format 
"asset name_animation name_animation number". So for e.g. we made the first walk animation for an enemy named troll
. We must name is "Troll_Walk_0". We start counting from 0 instead of 1.

3- Bones:
We name bones by using this format "name of the asset attached to the bone_number". Because parent bones can be both connected
and disconnected, we instead define the number by simply looking at the bones. If the bone has a free tail, then we use 0. if 
it has a connected tail, then we count connected bones and we use that number for the bone. For e.g. if we attached a bone to 
the monster's arm and it is connected to 2 other bones through its tail, which means its name would be arm_2.

4- Assets name:
In order to name any asset, we use capital latters at first and small laters for the rest. If an asset has a two-word name; we
use capital latters for the first part of the world and small latters for the rest. So an asset named "Snow Ogre" will be "SnowOgre".
(All assets have names from befor. But w have to edit them with this format and we have to avoid using "empty space" and "-" and |_" 
between the words.) If we had more than one asset (like two legs), the naming will be leg0 and leg1.

5- Another type of assets and animations:
Since we have two types of assets and animations (walkable and throwable) we need to name them differently. For walkable assets we add
a [W] before their name.

6- Other things:
Things that we will put in this document later, which means this document is not finished yet.

We have a test project ready with three monsters and one animations for each. Please check them and by using this document,
point out to any problems you find.

Extra tips:
Changing any enemy's name (and its prefab) is okay (as long as its name gets changed befor its prefab). So in order to duplicate and
creat new enemies, this method can be usful so no one won't get the names mixed together.